GEN 1:1 In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
GEN 1:2 The earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep and God’s Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.
GEN 1:3 God said, “Let there be light,” and there was light.
GEN 1:4 God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.
GEN 1:5 God called the light “day”, and the darkness he called “night”. There was evening and there was morning, the first day.
GEN 1:27 God created man in his own image. In God’s image he created him; male and female he created them.
GEN 2:1 The heavens, the earth, and all their vast array were finished.
GEN 2:2 On the seventh day God finished his work which he had done; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done.
GEN 2:3 God blessed the seventh day, and made it holy, because he rested in it from all his work of creation which he had done.
GEN 8:22 While the earth remains, seed time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night will not cease.”
GEN 9:13 I set my rainbow in the cloud, and it will be a sign of a covenant between me and the earth.
GEN 28:15 Behold, I am with you, and will keep you, wherever you go, and will bring you again into this land. For I will not leave you until I have done that which I have spoken of to you.”
GEN 50:20 As for you, you meant evil against me, but God meant it for good, to save many people alive, as is happening today.
EXO 14:14 The LORD will fight for you, and you shall be still.”
EXO 15:2 The LORD is my strength and song. He has become my salvation. This is my God, and I will praise him; my father’s God, and I will exalt him.
EXO 20:1 God spoke all these words, saying,
EXO 20:2 “I am the LORD your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.
EXO 20:3 “You shall have no other gods before me.
EXO 20:4 “You shall not make for yourselves an idol, nor any image of anything that is in the heavens above, or that is on the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth:
EXO 20:5 you shall not bow yourself down to them, nor serve them, for I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers on the children, on the third and on the fourth generation of those who hate me,
EXO 20:6 and showing loving kindness to thousands of those who love me and keep my commandments.
EXO 20:7 “You shall not misuse the name of the LORD your God, for the LORD will not hold him guiltless who misuses his name.
EXO 20:8 “Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.
EXO 20:9 You shall labor six days, and do all your work,
EXO 20:10 but the seventh day is a Sabbath to the LORD your God. You shall not do any work in it, you, nor your son, nor your daughter, your male servant, nor your female servant, nor your livestock, nor your stranger who is within your gates;
EXO 20:11 for in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested the seventh day; therefore the LORD blessed the Sabbath day, and made it holy.
EXO 20:12 “Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long in the land which the LORD your God gives you.
EXO 20:13 “You shall not murder.
EXO 20:14 “You shall not commit adultery.
EXO 20:15 “You shall not steal.
EXO 20:16 “You shall not give false testimony against your neighbor.
EXO 20:17 “You shall not covet your neighbor’s house. You shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, nor his male servant, nor his female servant, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor anything that is your neighbor’s.”
LEV 19:18 “‘You shall not take vengeance, nor bear any grudge against the children of your people; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself. I am the LORD.
NUM 6:24 ‘The LORD bless you, and keep you.
NUM 6:25 The LORD make his face to shine on you, and be gracious to you.
NUM 6:26 The LORD lift up his face toward you, and give you peace.’
DEU 6:4 Hear, Israel: The LORD is our God. The LORD is one.
DEU 6:5 You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your might.
DEU 6:6 These words, which I command you today, shall be on your heart;
DEU 6:7 and you shall teach them diligently to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise up.
DEU 6:8 You shall bind them for a sign on your hand, and they shall be for frontlets between your eyes.
DEU 6:9 You shall write them on the door posts of your house and on your gates.
DEU 31:6 Be strong and courageous. Don’t be afraid or scared of them, for the LORD your God himself is who goes with you. He will not fail you nor forsake you.”
DEU 31:8 The LORD himself is who goes before you. He will be with you. He will not fail you nor forsake you. Don’t be afraid. Don’t be discouraged.”
DEU 30:19 I call heaven and earth to witness against you today that I have set before you life and death, the blessing and the curse. Therefore choose life, that you may live, you and your descendants,
DEU 30:20 to love the LORD your God, to obey his voice, and to cling to him; for he is your life, and the length of your days, that you may dwell in the land which the LORD swore to your fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give them.
JOS 1:8 This book of the law shall not depart from your mouth, but you shall meditate on it day and night, that you may observe to do according to all that is written in it; for then you shall make your way prosperous, and then you shall have good success.
JOS 1:9 Haven’t I commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Don’t be afraid. Don’t be dismayed, for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.”
JOS 24:15 If it seems evil to you to serve the LORD, choose today whom you will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell; but as for me and my house, we will serve the LORD.”
RUT 1:16 Ruth said, “Don’t urge me to leave you, and to return from following you, for where you go, I will go; and where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God.
1SA 16:7 But the LORD said to Samuel, “Don’t look on his face, or on the height of his stature, because I have rejected him; for I don’t see as man sees. For man looks at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart.”
1SA 12:24 Only fear the LORD, and serve him in truth with all your heart; for consider what great things he has done for you.
1CH 16:34 Oh give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his loving kindness endures forever.
2CH 7:14 if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves, pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.
NEH 8:10 Then he said to them, “Go your way. Eat the fat, drink the sweet, and send portions to him for whom nothing is prepared, for today is holy to our Lord. Don’t be grieved, for the joy of the LORD is your strength.”
EST 4:14 For if you remain silent now, then relief and deliverance will come to the Jews from another place, but you and your father’s house will perish. Who knows if you haven’t come to the kingdom for such a time as this?”
PSA 1:1 Blessed is the man who doesn’t walk in the counsel of the wicked, nor stand on the path of sinners, nor sit in the seat of scoffers;
PSA 1:2 but his delight is in the LORD’s law. On his law he meditates day and night.
PSA 1:3 He will be like a tree planted by the streams of water, that produces its fruit in its season, whose leaf also does not wither. Whatever he does shall prosper.
PSA 1:4 The wicked are not so, but are like the chaff which the wind drives away.
PSA 1:5 Therefore the wicked shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
PSA 1:6 For the LORD knows the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked shall perish.
PSA 8:1 For the Chief Musician; on an instrument of Gath. A Psalm by David. LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth! You have set your glory above the heavens!
PSA 8:2 From the lips of babes and infants you have established strength, because of your adversaries, that you might silence the enemy and the avenger.
PSA 8:3 When I consider your heavens, the work of your fingers, the moon and the stars, which you have ordained,
PSA 8:4 what is man, that you think of him? What is the son of man, that you care for him?
PSA 8:5 For you have made him a little lower than the angels, and crowned him with glory and honor.
PSA 8:6 You make him ruler over the works of your hands. You have put all things under his feet:
PSA 8:7 All sheep and cattle, yes, and the animals of the field,
PSA 8:8 the birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and whatever passes through the paths of the seas.
PSA 8:9 LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth!
PSA 19:1 For the Chief Musician. A Psalm by David. The heavens declare the glory of God. The expanse shows his handiwork.
PSA 19:14 Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in your sight, LORD, my rock, and my redeemer.
PSA 23:1 A Psalm by David. The LORD is my shepherd; I shall lack nothing.
PSA 23:2 He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters.
PSA 23:3 He restores my soul. He guides me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
PSA 23:4 Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me. Your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
PSA 23:5 You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil. My cup runs over.
PSA 23:6 Surely goodness and loving kindness shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the LORD’s house forever.
PSA 24:1 A Psalm by David. The earth is the LORD’s, with its fullness; the world, and those who dwell in it.
PSA 25:4 Show me your ways, LORD. Teach me your paths.
PSA 25:5 Guide me in your truth, and teach me, for you are the God of my salvation. I wait for you all day long.
PSA 27:1 By David. The LORD is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The LORD is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid?
PSA 27:14 Wait for the LORD. Be strong, and let your heart take courage. Yes, wait for the LORD.
PSA 28:7 The LORD is my strength and my shield. My heart has trusted in him, and I am helped. Therefore my heart greatly rejoices. With my song I will thank him.
PSA 32:8 I will instruct you and teach you in the way which you shall go. I will counsel you with my eye on you.
PSA 34:8 Oh taste and see that the LORD is good. Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him.
PSA 34:13 Keep your tongue from evil, and your lips from speaking lies.
PSA 34:14 Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace, and pursue it.
PSA 37:4 Also delight yourself in the LORD, and he will give you the desires of your heart.
PSA 42:1 For the Chief Musician. A contemplation by the sons of Korah. As the deer pants for the water brooks, so my soul pants after you, God.
PSA 42:2 My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God?
PSA 46:1 For the Chief Musician. By the sons of Korah. According to Alamoth. God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
PSA 46:10 “Be still, and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the nations. I will be exalted on the earth.”
PSA 51:10 Create in me a clean heart, O God. Renew a right spirit within me.
PSA 55:22 Cast your burden on the LORD and he will sustain you. He will never allow the righteous to be moved.
PSA 56:3 When I am afraid, I will put my trust in you.
PSA 16:11 You will show me the path of life. In your presence is fullness of joy. In your right hand there are pleasures forever more.
PSA 18:2 The LORD is my rock, my fortress, and my deliverer; my God, my rock, in whom I take refuge; my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my high tower.
PSA 90:12 So teach us to count our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom.
PSA 91:1 He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty.
PSA 91:2 I will say of the LORD, “He is my refuge and my fortress; my God, in whom I trust.”
PSA 95:1 Oh come, let’s sing to the LORD. Let’s shout aloud to the rock of our salvation!
PSA 95:2 Let’s come before his presence with thanksgiving. Let’s extol him with songs!
PSA 95:3 For the LORD is a great God, a great King above all gods.
PSA 96:1 Sing to the LORD a new song! Sing to the LORD, all the earth.
PSA 96:2 Sing to the LORD! Bless his name! Proclaim his salvation from day to day!
PSA 96:3 Declare his glory among the nations, his marvelous works among all the peoples.
PSA 100:1 A Psalm of thanksgiving. Shout for joy to the LORD, all you lands!
PSA 100:2 Serve the LORD with gladness. Come before his presence with singing.
PSA 100:3 Know that the LORD, he is God. It is he who has made us, and we are his. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
PSA 100:4 Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise. Give thanks to him, and bless his name.
PSA 100:5 For the LORD is good. His loving kindness endures forever, his faithfulness to all generations.
PSA 103:1 By David. Praise the LORD, my soul! All that is within me, praise his holy name!
PSA 103:2 Praise the LORD, my soul, and don’t forget all his benefits,
PSA 103:3 who forgives all your sins, who heals all your diseases,
PSA 103:4 who redeems your life from destruction, who crowns you with loving kindness and tender mercies,
PSA 103:5 who satisfies your desire with good things, so that your youth is renewed like the eagle’s.
PSA 107:1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his loving kindness endures forever.
PSA 111:10 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom. All those who do his work have a good understanding. His praise endures forever!
PSA 116:1 I love the LORD, because he listens to my voice, and my cries for mercy.
PSA 116:2 Because he has turned his ear to me, therefore I will call on him as long as I live.
PSA 118:24 This is the day that the LORD has made. We will rejoice and be glad in it!
PSA 119:9 How can a young man keep his way pure? By living according to your word.
PSA 119:10 With my whole heart I have sought you. Don’t let me wander from your commandments.
PSA 119:11 I have hidden your word in my heart, that I might not sin against you.
PSA 119:105 Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light for my path.
PSA 121:1 A Song of Ascents. I will lift up my eyes to the hills. Where does my help come from?
PSA 121:2 My help comes from the LORD, who made heaven and earth.
PSA 121:3 He will not allow your foot to be moved. He who keeps you will not slumber.
PSA 121:4 Behold, he who keeps Israel will neither slumber nor sleep.
PSA 121:5 The LORD is your keeper. The LORD is your shade on your right hand.
PSA 121:6 The sun will not harm you by day, nor the moon by night.
PSA 121:7 The LORD will keep you from all evil. He will keep your soul.
PSA 121:8 The LORD will keep your going out and your coming in, from this time forward, and forever more.
PSA 127:1 A Song of Ascents. By Solomon. Unless the LORD builds the house, they who build it labor in vain. Unless the LORD watches over the city, the watchman guards it in vain.
PSA 130:5 I wait for the LORD. My soul waits. I hope in his word.
PSA 133:1 A Song of Ascents. By David. See how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to live together in unity!
PSA 136:1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his loving kindness endures forever.
PSA 139:13 For you formed my inmost being. You knit me together in my mother’s womb.
PSA 139:14 I will give thanks to you, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Your works are wonderful. My soul knows that very well.
PSA 139:23 Search me, God, and know my heart. Try me, and know my thoughts.
PSA 139:24 See if there is any wicked way in me, and lead me in the everlasting way.
PSA 143:8 Cause me to hear your loving kindness in the morning, for I trust in you. Cause me to know the way in which I should walk, for I lift up my soul to you.
PSA 145:8 The LORD is gracious, merciful, slow to anger, and of great loving kindness.
PSA 145:9 The LORD is good to all. His tender mercies are over all his works.
PSA 147:3 He heals the broken in heart, and binds up their wounds.
PSA 150:1 Praise the LORD! Praise God in his sanctuary! Praise him in his heavens for his acts of power!
PSA 150:2 Praise him for his mighty acts! Praise him according to his excellent greatness!
PSA 150:3 Praise him with the sounding of the trumpet! Praise him with harp and lyre!
PSA 150:4 Praise him with tambourine and dancing! Praise him with stringed instruments and flute!
PSA 150:5 Praise him with loud cymbals! Praise him with resounding cymbals!
PSA 150:6 Let everything that has breath praise the LORD! Praise the LORD!
PSA 73:26 My flesh and my heart fails, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever.
PSA 84:11 For the LORD God is a sun and a shield. The LORD will give grace and glory. He withholds no good thing from those who walk blamelessly.
PSA 86:15 But you, Lord, are a merciful and gracious God, slow to anger, and abundant in loving kindness and truth.
PRO 1:7 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge, but the foolish despise wisdom and instruction.
PRO 2:6 For the LORD gives wisdom. Out of his mouth comes knowledge and understanding.
PRO 3:1 My son, don’t forget my teaching, but let your heart keep my commandments,
PRO 3:2 for they will add to you length of days, years of life, and peace.
PRO 3:5 Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and don’t lean on your own understanding.
PRO 3:6 In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight.
PRO 3:9 Honor the LORD with your substance, with the first fruits of all your increase;
PRO 3:10 so your barns will be filled with plenty, and your vats will overflow with new wine.
PRO 4:23 Keep your heart with all diligence, for out of it is the wellspring of life.
PRO 6:6 Go to the ant, you sluggard. Consider her ways, and be wise;
PRO 6:7 which having no chief, overseer, or ruler,
PRO 6:8 provides her bread in the summer, and gathers her food in the harvest.
PRO 9:10 The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom. The knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.
PRO 10:12 Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all wrongs.
PRO 11:2 When pride comes, then comes shame, but with humility comes wisdom.
PRO 12:22 Lying lips are an abomination to the LORD, but those who do the truth are his delight.
PRO 13:3 He who guards his mouth guards his soul. One who opens wide his lips comes to ruin.
PRO 13:11 Wealth gained dishonestly dwindles away, but he who gathers by hand makes it grow.
PRO 13:20 One who walks with wise men grows wise, but a companion of fools suffers harm.
PRO 14:29 He who is slow to anger has great understanding, but he who has a quick temper displays folly.
PRO 15:1 A gentle answer turns away wrath, but a harsh word stirs up anger.
PRO 15:13 A glad heart makes a cheerful face, but an aching heart breaks the spirit.
PRO 16:3 Commit your deeds to the LORD, and your plans shall succeed.
PRO 16:9 A man’s heart plans his course, but the LORD directs his steps.
PRO 16:18 Pride goes before destruction, and an arrogant spirit before a fall.
PRO 16:24 Pleasant words are a honeycomb, sweet to the soul, and health to the bones.
PRO 17:17 A friend loves at all times; and a brother is born for adversity.
PRO 17:22 A cheerful heart makes good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
PRO 18:10 The LORD’s name is a strong tower: the righteous run to him, and are safe.
PRO 18:24 A man of many companions may be ruined, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.
PRO 19:20 Listen to counsel and receive instruction, that you may be wise in your latter end.
PRO 19:21 There are many plans in a man’s heart, but the LORD’s counsel will prevail.
PRO 20:11 Even a child makes himself known by his doings, whether his work is pure, and whether it is right.
PRO 21:5 The plans of the diligent surely lead to profit; and everyone who is hasty surely rushes to poverty.
PRO 22:1 A good name is more desirable than great riches, and loving favor is better than silver and gold.
PRO 22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.
PRO 24:16 for a righteous man falls seven times and rises up again, but the wicked are overthrown by calamity.
PRO 25:11 A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in settings of silver.
PRO 27:1 Don’t boast about tomorrow; for you don’t know what a day may bring.
PRO 27:17 Iron sharpens iron; so a man sharpens his friend’s countenance.
PRO 28:13 He who conceals his sins doesn’t prosper, but whoever confesses and renounces them finds mercy.
PRO 29:11 A fool vents all of his anger, but a wise man brings himself under control.
PRO 30:5 “Every word of God is flawless. He is a shield to those who take refuge in him.
PRO 31:25 Strength and dignity are her clothing. She laughs at the time to come.
PRO 31:26 She opens her mouth with wisdom. Kind instruction is on her tongue.
PRO 31:30 Charm is deceitful, and beauty is vain; but a woman who fears the LORD, she shall be praised.
ECC 3:1 For everything there is a season, and a time for every purpose under heaven:
ECC 3:2 a time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;
ECC 3:3 a time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up;
ECC 3:4 a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance;
ECC 3:5 a time to cast away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing;
ECC 3:6 a time to seek, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to cast away;
ECC 3:7 a time to tear, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak;
ECC 3:8 a time to love, and a time to hate; a time for war, and a time for peace.
ECC 4:9 Two are better than one, because they have a good reward for their labor.
ECC 4:10 For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow; but woe to him who is alone when he falls, and doesn’t have another to lift him up.
ECC 12:13 This is the end of the matter. All has been heard. Fear God and keep his commandments; for this is the whole duty of man.
JOB 19:25 But as for me, I know that my Redeemer lives. In the end, he will stand upon the earth.
ISA 1:18 “Come now, and let’s reason together,” says the LORD: “Though your sins are as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow. Though they are red like crimson, they shall be as wool.
ISA 6:8 I heard the Lord’s voice, saying, “Whom shall I send, and who will go for us?” Then I said, “Here I am. Send me!”
ISA 7:14 Therefore the Lord himself will give you a sign. Behold, the virgin will conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel.
ISA 9:6 For a child is born to us. A son is given to us; and the government will be on his shoulders. His name will be called Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace.
ISA 26:3 You will keep whoever’s mind is steadfast in perfect peace, because he trusts in you.
ISA 30:21 and when you turn to the right hand, and when you turn to the left, your ears will hear a voice behind you, saying, “This is the way. Walk in it.”
ISA 40:8 The grass withers, the flower fades; but the word of our God stands forever.”
ISA 40:28 Haven’t you known? Haven’t you heard? The everlasting God, the LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, doesn’t faint. He isn’t weary. His understanding is unsearchable.
ISA 40:29 He gives power to the weak. He increases the strength of him who has no might.
ISA 40:30 Even the youths faint and get weary, and the young men utterly fall;
ISA 40:31 but those who wait for the LORD will renew their strength. They will mount up with wings like eagles. They will run, and not be weary. They will walk, and not faint.
ISA 41:10 Don’t you be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you. Yes, I will help you. Yes, I will uphold you with the right hand of my righteousness.
ISA 43:1 But now the LORD who created you, Jacob, and he who formed you, Israel, says: “Don’t be afraid, for I have redeemed you. I have called you by your name. You are mine.
ISA 43:2 When you pass through the waters, I will be with you, and through the rivers, they will not overflow you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned, and flame will not scorch you.
ISA 53:4 Surely he has borne our sickness and carried our suffering; yet we considered him plagued, struck by God, and afflicted.
ISA 53:5 But he was pierced for our transgressions. He was crushed for our iniquities. The punishment that brought our peace was on him; and by his wounds we are healed.
ISA 53:6 All we like sheep have gone astray. Everyone has turned to his own way; and the LORD has laid on him the iniquity of us all.
ISA 55:8 “For my thoughts are not your thoughts, and your ways are not my ways,” says the LORD.
ISA 55:9 “For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.
ISA 55:11 so is my word that goes out of my mouth: it will not return to me void, but it will accomplish that which I please, and it will prosper in the thing I sent it to do.
ISA 58:11 and the LORD will guide you continually, satisfy your soul in dry places, and make your bones strong. You will be like a watered garden, and like a spring of water whose waters don’t fail.
JER 1:5 “Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. Before you were born, I sanctified you. I have appointed you a prophet to the nations.”
JER 17:7 “Blessed is the man who trusts in the LORD, and whose confidence is in the LORD.
JER 17:8 For he will be as a tree planted by the waters, who spreads out its roots by the river, and will not fear when heat comes, but its leaf will be green, and will not be concerned in the year of drought. It won’t cease from yielding fruit.
JER 29:11 For I know the thoughts that I think toward you,” says the LORD, “thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you hope and a future.
JER 31:3 The LORD appeared of old to me, saying, “Yes, I have loved you with an everlasting love. Therefore I have drawn you with loving kindness.
JER 33:3 ‘Call to me, and I will answer you, and will show you great and difficult things, which you don’t know.’
LAM 3:22 It is because of the LORD’s loving kindnesses that we are not consumed, because his mercies don’t fail.
LAM 3:23 They are new every morning. Great is your faithfulness.
EZE 36:26 I will also give you a new heart, and I will put a new spirit within you. I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh.
DAN 3:17 If it happens, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace; and he will deliver us out of your hand, O king.
DAN 3:18 But if not, let it be known to you, O king, that we will not serve your gods or worship the golden image which you have set up.”
DAN 6:10 When Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house (now his windows were open in his room toward Jerusalem) and he kneeled on his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God, as he did before.
AMO 5:24 But let justice roll on like rivers, and righteousness like a mighty stream.
JON 2:9 But I will sacrifice to you with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that which I have vowed. Salvation belongs to the LORD.”
MIC 6:8 He has shown you, O man, what is good. What does the LORD require of you, but to act justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with your God?
MIC 7:7 But as for me, I will look to the LORD. I will wait for the God of my salvation. My God will hear me.
HAB 3:17 For even though the fig tree doesn’t flourish, nor fruit be in the vines, the labor of the olive fails, the fields yield no food, the flocks are cut off from the fold, and there is no herd in the stalls,
HAB 3:18 yet I will rejoice in the LORD. I will be joyful in the God of my salvation!
ZEP 3:17 The LORD, your God, is among you, a mighty one who will save. He will rejoice over you with joy. He will calm you in his love. He will rejoice over you with singing.
ZEC 4:6 Then he answered and spoke to me, saying, “This is the LORD’s word to Zerubbabel, saying, ‘Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit,’ says the LORD of Armies.
ZEC 4:10 Indeed, who despises the day of small things? For these seven shall rejoice, and shall see the plumb line in the hand of Zerubbabel. These are the LORD’s eyes, which run back and forth through the whole earth.”
MAL 3:6 “For I, the LORD, don’t change; therefore you, sons of Jacob, are not consumed.
MAT 4:4 But he answered, “It is written, ‘Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of God’s mouth.’”
MAT 5:3 “Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
MAT 5:4 Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
MAT 5:5 Blessed are the gentle, for they shall inherit the earth.
MAT 5:6 Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be filled.
MAT 5:7 Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.
MAT 5:8 Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
MAT 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God.
MAT 5:10 Blessed are those who have been persecuted for righteousness’ sake, for theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
MAT 5:11 “Blessed are you when people reproach you, persecute you, and say all kinds of evil against you falsely, for my sake.
MAT 5:12 Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven. For that is how they persecuted the prophets who were before you.
MAT 5:13 “You are the salt of the earth, but if the salt has lost its flavor, with what will it be salted? It is then good for nothing, but to be cast out and trodden under the feet of men.
MAT 5:14 “You are the light of the world. A city located on a hill can’t be hidden.
MAT 5:15 Neither do you light a lamp and put it under a measuring basket, but on a stand; and it shines to all who are in the house.
MAT 5:16 Even so, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good works and glorify your Father who is in heaven.
MAT 6:9 Pray like this: “‘Our Father in heaven, may your name be kept holy.
MAT 6:10 Let your Kingdom come. Let your will be done on earth as it is in heaven.
MAT 6:11 Give us today our daily bread.
MAT 6:12 Forgive us our debts, as we also forgive our debtors.
MAT 6:13 Bring us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one. For yours is the Kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen.’
MAT 6:19 “Don’t lay up treasures for yourselves on the earth, where moth and rust consume, and where thieves break through and steal;
MAT 6:20 but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust consume, and where thieves don’t break through and steal;
MAT 6:21 for where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
MAT 6:25 Therefore I tell you, don’t be anxious for your life: what you will eat, or what you will drink; nor yet for your body, what you will wear. Isn’t life more than food, and the body more than clothing?
MAT 6:26 See the birds of the sky, that they don’t sow, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns. Your heavenly Father feeds them. Aren’t you of much more value than they?
MAT 6:27 “Which of you by being anxious, can add one moment to his lifespan?
MAT 6:33 But seek first God’s Kingdom and his righteousness; and all these things will be given to you as well.
MAT 7:7 “Ask, and it will be given you. Seek, and you will find. Knock, and it will be opened for you.
MAT 7:8 For everyone who asks receives. He who seeks finds. To him who knocks it will be opened.
MAT 7:12 Therefore, whatever you desire for men to do to you, you shall also do to them; for this is the law and the prophets.
MAT 7:24 “Everyone therefore who hears these words of mine and does them, I will liken him to a wise man who built his house on the rock.
MAT 7:25 The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew and beat on that house; and it didn’t fall, for it was founded on the rock.
MAT 7:26 Everyone who hears these words of mine and doesn’t do them will be like a foolish man who built his house on the sand.
MAT 7:27 The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew and beat on that house; and it fell—and its fall was great.”
MAT 11:28 “Come to me, all you who labor and are heavily burdened, and I will give you rest.
MAT 11:29 Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart; and you will find rest for your souls.
MAT 11:30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.”
MAT 18:20 For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there I am in the middle of them.”
MAT 19:14 But Jesus said, “Allow the little children, and don’t forbid them to come to me; for the Kingdom of Heaven belongs to ones like these.”
MAT 19:26 Looking at them, Jesus said, “With men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”
MAT 22:37 Jesus said to him, “‘You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your mind.’
MAT 22:38 This is the first and great commandment.
MAT 22:39 A second likewise is this, ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’
MAT 22:40 The whole law and the prophets depend on these two commandments.”
MAT 25:40 “The King will answer them, ‘Most certainly I tell you, because you did it to one of the least of these my brothers, you did it to me.’
MAT 28:1 Now after the Sabbath, as it began to dawn on the first day of the week, Mary Magdalene and the other Mary came to see the tomb.
MAT 28:2 Behold, there was a great earthquake, for an angel of the Lord descended from the sky and came and rolled away the stone from the door and sat on it.
MAT 28:3 His appearance was like lightning, and his clothing white as snow.
MAT 28:4 For fear of him, the guards shook, and became like dead men.
MAT 28:5 The angel answered the women, “Don’t be afraid, for I know that you seek Jesus, who has been crucified.
MAT 28:6 He is not here, for he has risen, just like he said. Come, see the place where the Lord was lying.
MAT 28:7 Go quickly and tell his disciples, ‘He has risen from the dead, and behold, he goes before you into Galilee; there you will see him.’ Behold, I have told you.”
MAT 28:8 They departed quickly from the tomb with fear and great joy, and ran to bring his disciples word.
MAT 28:9 As they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, “Rejoice!” They came and took hold of his feet, and worshiped him.
MAT 28:10 Then Jesus said to them, “Don’t be afraid. Go tell my brothers that they should go into Galilee, and there they will see me.”
MAT 28:18 Jesus came to them and spoke to them, saying, “All authority has been given to me in heaven and on earth.
MAT 28:19 Go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit,
MAT 28:20 teaching them to observe all things that I commanded you. Behold, I am with you always, even to the end of the age.” Amen.
MAR 10:45 For the Son of Man also came not to be served but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.”
MAR 11:24 Therefore I tell you, all things whatever you pray and ask for, believe that you have received them, and you shall have them.
MAR 12:30 You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.’ This is the first commandment.
MAR 12:31 The second is like this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.”
MAR 16:15 He said to them, “Go into all the world and preach the Good News to the whole creation.
LUK 1:37 For nothing spoken by God is impossible.”
LUK 2:1 Now in those days, a decree went out from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be enrolled.
LUK 2:2 This was the first enrollment made when Quirinius was governor of Syria.
LUK 2:3 All went to enroll themselves, everyone to his own city.
LUK 2:4 Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth, into Judea, to David’s city, which is called Bethlehem, because he was of the house and family of David,
LUK 2:5 to enroll himself with Mary, who was pledged to be married to him as wife, being pregnant.
LUK 2:6 While they were there, the day had come for her to give birth.
LUK 2:7 She gave birth to her firstborn son. She wrapped him in bands of cloth and laid him in a feeding trough, because there was no room for them in the inn.
LUK 2:8 There were shepherds in the same country staying in the field, and keeping watch by night over their flock.
LUK 2:9 Behold, an angel of the Lord stood by them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified.
LUK 2:10 The angel said to them, “Don’t be afraid, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy which will be to all the people.
LUK 2:11 For there is born to you today, in David’s city, a Savior, who is Christ the Lord.
LUK 2:12 This is the sign to you: you will find a baby wrapped in strips of cloth, lying in a feeding trough.”
LUK 2:13 Suddenly, there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly army praising God and saying,
LUK 2:14 “Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, good will toward men.”
LUK 2:15 When the angels went away from them into the sky, the shepherds said to one another, “Let’s go to Bethlehem, now, and see this thing that has happened, which the Lord has made known to us.”
LUK 2:16 They came with haste and found both Mary and Joseph, and the baby was lying in the feeding trough.
LUK 2:17 When they saw it, they publicized widely the saying which was spoken to them about this child.
LUK 2:18 All who heard it wondered at the things which were spoken to them by the shepherds.
LUK 2:19 But Mary kept all these sayings, pondering them in her heart.
LUK 2:20 The shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen, just as it was told them.
LUK 2:52 And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favor with God and men.
LUK 6:31 “As you would like people to do to you, do exactly so to them.
LUK 6:38 “Give, and it will be given to you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, will be given to you. For with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you.”
LUK 10:27 He answered, “You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your strength, and with all your mind; and your neighbor as yourself.”
LUK 11:9 “I tell you, keep asking, and it will be given you. Keep seeking, and you will find. Keep knocking, and it will be opened to you.
LUK 11:10 For everyone who asks receives. He who seeks finds. To him who knocks it will be opened.
LUK 19:10 For the Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost.”
LUK 24:1 But on the first day of the week, at early dawn, they and some others came to the tomb, bringing the spices which they had prepared.
LUK 24:2 They found the stone rolled away from the tomb.
LUK 24:3 They entered in, and didn’t find the Lord Jesus’ body.
LUK 24:4 While they were greatly perplexed about this, behold, two men stood by them in dazzling clothing.
LUK 24:5 Becoming terrified, they bowed their faces down to the earth. The men said to them, “Why do you seek the living among the dead?
LUK 24:6 He isn’t here, but is risen. Remember what he told you when he was still in Galilee,
LUK 24:7 saying that the Son of Man must be delivered up into the hands of sinful men and be crucified, and the third day rise again?”
LUK 24:8 They remembered his words,
LUK 24:9 returned from the tomb, and told all these things to the eleven and to all the rest.
JOH 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
JOH 1:2 The same was in the beginning with God.
JOH 1:3 All things were made through him. Without him, nothing was made that has been made.
JOH 1:4 In him was life, and the life was the light of men.
JOH 1:5 The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness hasn’t overcome it.
JOH 1:12 But as many as received him, to them he gave the right to become God’s children, to those who believe in his name:
JOH 1:14 The Word became flesh and lived among us. We saw his glory, such glory as of the only born Son of the Father, full of grace and truth.
JOH 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only born Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
JOH 3:17 For God didn’t send his Son into the world to judge the world, but that the world should be saved through him.
JOH 8:12 Again, therefore, Jesus spoke to them, saying, “I am the light of the world. He who follows me will not walk in the darkness, but will have the light of life.”
JOH 10:10 The thief only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. I came that they may have life, and may have it abundantly.
JOH 10:11 “I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.
JOH 11:25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will still live, even if he dies.
JOH 11:26 Whoever lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe this?”
JOH 13:34 A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another. Just as I have loved you, you also love one another.
JOH 13:35 By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.”
JOH 14:1 “Don’t let your heart be troubled. Believe in God. Believe also in me.
JOH 14:2 In my Father’s house are many homes. If it weren’t so, I would have told you. I am going to prepare a place for you.
JOH 14:3 If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will receive you to myself; that where I am, you may be there also.
JOH 14:6 Jesus said to him, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father, except through me.
JOH 14:27 Peace I leave with you. My peace I give to you; not as the world gives, I give to you. Don’t let your heart be troubled, neither let it be fearful.
JOH 15:5 I am the vine. You are the branches. He who remains in me and I in him bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing.
JOH 15:12 “This is my commandment, that you love one another, even as I have loved you.
JOH 15:13 Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.
JOH 16:33 I have told you these things, that in me you may have peace. In the world you have trouble; but cheer up! I have overcome the world.”
ACT 1:8 But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you. You will be witnesses to me in Jerusalem, in all Judea and Samaria, and to the uttermost parts of the earth.”
ACT 4:12 There is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven that is given among men, by which we must be saved!”
ACT 16:31 They said, “Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, you and your household.”
ACT 20:35 In all things I gave you an example, that so laboring you ought to help the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, that he himself said, ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive.’ ”
ROM 1:16 For I am not ashamed of the Good News of Christ, because it is the power of God for salvation for everyone who believes, for the Jew first, and also for the Greek.
ROM 3:23 for all have sinned, and fall short of the glory of God;
ROM 5:8 But God commends his own love toward us, in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
ROM 6:23 For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
ROM 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who don’t walk according to the flesh, but according to the Spirit.
ROM 8:28 We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, for those who are called according to his purpose.
ROM 8:31 What then shall we say about these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?
ROM 8:38 For I am persuaded that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor things present, nor things to come, nor powers,
ROM 8:39 nor height, nor depth, nor any other created thing will be able to separate us from God’s love which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
ROM 10:9 that if you will confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
ROM 10:10 For with the heart one believes resulting in righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made resulting in salvation.
ROM 10:13 For, “Whoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved.”
ROM 12:1 Therefore I urge you, brothers, by the mercies of God, to present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God, which is your spiritual service.
ROM 12:2 Don’t be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, so that you may prove what is the good, well-pleasing, and perfect will of God.
ROM 12:9 Let love be without hypocrisy. Abhor that which is evil. Cling to that which is good.
ROM 12:10 In love of the brothers be tenderly affectionate to one another; in honor prefer one another,
ROM 12:11 not lagging in diligence, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord,
ROM 12:12 rejoicing in hope, enduring in troubles, continuing steadfastly in prayer,
ROM 12:13 contributing to the needs of the saints, and given to hospitality.
ROM 12:21 Don’t be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
ROM 15:13 Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that you may abound in hope in the power of the Holy Spirit.
1CO 10:13 No temptation has taken you except what is common to man. God is faithful, who will not allow you to be tempted above what you are able, but will with the temptation also make the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it.
1CO 10:31 Whether therefore you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.
1CO 13:4 Love is patient and is kind. Love doesn’t envy. Love doesn’t brag, is not proud,
1CO 13:5 doesn’t behave itself inappropriately, doesn’t seek its own way, is not provoked, takes no account of evil;
1CO 13:6 doesn’t rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth;
1CO 13:7 bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, and endures all things.
1CO 13:8 Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will be done away with. Where there are various languages, they will cease. Where there is knowledge, it will be done away with.
1CO 13:13 But now faith, hope, and love remain—these three. The greatest of these is love.
1CO 15:58 Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the Lord’s work, because you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord.
1CO 16:13 Watch! Stand firm in the faith! Be courageous! Be strong!
1CO 16:14 Let all that you do be done in love.
2CO 5:17 Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old things have passed away. Behold, all things have become new.
2CO 9:7 Let each man give according as he has determined in his heart, not grudgingly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.
2CO 12:9 He has said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.” Most gladly therefore I will rather glory in my weaknesses, that the power of Christ may rest on me.
2CO 4:16 Therefore we don’t faint, but though our outward person is decaying, yet our inward person is renewed day by day.
2CO 4:17 For our light affliction, which is for the moment, works for us more and more exceedingly an eternal weight of glory,
2CO 4:18 while we don’t look at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.
GAL 2:20 I have been crucified with Christ, and it is no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me. That life which I now live in the flesh, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself up for me.
GAL 5:22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faith,
GAL 5:23 gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
GAL 6:9 Let’s not be weary in doing good, for we will reap in due season if we don’t give up.
EPH 2:8 for by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God,
EPH 2:9 not of works, that no one would boast.
EPH 2:10 For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared before that we would walk in them.
EPH 3:20 Now to him who is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that works in us,
EPH 3:21 to him be the glory in the assembly and in Christ Jesus to all generations, forever and ever. Amen.
EPH 4:29 Let no corrupt speech proceed out of your mouth, but only what is good for building others up as the need may be, that it may give grace to those who hear.
EPH 4:32 And be kind to one another, tender hearted, forgiving each other, just as God also in Christ forgave you.
EPH 6:1 Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right.
EPH 6:2 “Honor your father and mother,” which is the first commandment with a promise:
EPH 6:3 “that it may be well with you, and you may live long on the earth.”
EPH 6:10 Finally, be strong in the Lord and in the strength of his might.
EPH 6:11 Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
EPH 6:12 For our wrestling is not against flesh and blood, but against the principalities, against the powers, against the world’s rulers of the darkness of this age, and against the spiritual forces of wickedness in the heavenly places.
EPH 6:13 Therefore put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.
EPH 6:14 Stand therefore, having the utility belt of truth buckled around your waist, and having put on the breastplate of righteousness,
EPH 6:15 and having fitted your feet with the preparation of the Good News of peace,
EPH 6:16 above all, taking up the shield of faith, with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one.
EPH 6:17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God;
EPH 6:18 with all prayer and requests, praying at all times in the Spirit, and being watchful to this end in all perseverance and requests for all the saints.
PHI 1:6 being confident of this very thing, that he who began a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ.
PHI 2:3 doing nothing through rivalry or through conceit, but in humility, each counting others better than himself;
PHI 2:4 each of you not just looking to his own things, but each of you also to the things of others.
PHI 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord always! Again I will say, “Rejoice!”
PHI 4:5 Let your gentleness be known to all men. The Lord is at hand.
PHI 4:6 In nothing be anxious, but in everything, by prayer and petition with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God.
PHI 4:7 And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your thoughts in Christ Jesus.
PHI 4:8 Finally, brothers, whatever things are true, whatever things are honorable, whatever things are just, whatever things are pure, whatever things are lovely, whatever things are of good report: if there is any virtue and if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.
PHI 4:13 I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
PHI 4:19 My God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
COL 3:12 Put on therefore, as God’s chosen ones, holy and beloved, a heart of compassion, kindness, lowliness, humility, and perseverance;
COL 3:13 bearing with one another, and forgiving each other, if any man has a complaint against any; even as Christ forgave you, so you also do.
COL 3:14 Above all these things, walk in love, which is the bond of perfection.
COL 3:20 Children, obey your parents in all things, for this pleases the Lord.
COL 3:23 And whatever you do, work heartily, as for the Lord and not for men,
COL 3:24 knowing that from the Lord you will receive the reward of the inheritance; for you serve the Lord Christ.
1TH 5:16 Always rejoice.
1TH 5:17 Pray without ceasing.
1TH 5:18 In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus toward you.
2TI 1:7 For God didn’t give us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and self-control.
2TI 2:15 Give diligence to present yourself approved by God, a workman who doesn’t need to be ashamed, properly handling the Word of Truth.
2TI 3:16 Every Scripture is God-breathed and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for instruction in righteousness,
2TI 3:17 that each person who belongs to God may be complete, thoroughly equipped for every good work.
HEB 4:12 For the word of God is living and active, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of soul and spirit, of both joints and marrow, and is able to discern the thoughts and intentions of the heart.
HEB 10:24 Let’s consider how to provoke one another to love and good works,
HEB 10:25 not forsaking our own assembling together, as the custom of some is, but exhorting one another, and so much the more as you see the Day approaching.
HEB 11:1 Now faith is assurance of things hoped for, proof of things not seen.
HEB 11:6 Without faith it is impossible to be well pleasing to him, for he who comes to God must believe that he exists, and that he is a rewarder of those who seek him.
HEB 12:1 Therefore let’s also, seeing we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, lay aside every weight and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let’s run with perseverance the race that is set before us,
HEB 12:2 looking to Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising its shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God.
HEB 13:8 Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
JAM 1:2 Count it all joy, my brothers, when you fall into various temptations,
JAM 1:3 knowing that the testing of your faith produces endurance.
JAM 1:4 Let endurance have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
JAM 1:5 But if any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally and without reproach, and it will be given to him.
JAM 1:17 Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights, with whom can be no variation nor turning shadow.
JAM 1:19 So, then, my beloved brothers, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, and slow to anger;
JAM 1:20 for the anger of man doesn’t produce the righteousness of God.
JAM 1:22 But be doers of the word, and not only hearers, deluding your own selves.
1PE 2:9 But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for God’s own possession, that you may proclaim the excellence of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light.
1PE 3:15 But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts. Always be ready to give an answer to everyone who asks you a reason concerning the hope that is in you, with humility and fear,
1PE 5:6 Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time,
1PE 5:7 casting all your worries on him, because he cares for you.
2PE 3:9 The Lord is not slow concerning his promise, as some count slowness; but he is patient with us, not wishing that anyone should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
2PE 3:18 But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be the glory both now and forever. Amen.
1JO 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
1JO 3:1 See how great a love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God! For this cause the world doesn’t know us, because it didn’t know him.
1JO 3:18 My little children, let’s not love in word only, or with the tongue only, but in deed and truth.
1JO 4:7 Beloved, let’s love one another, for love is of God; and everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God.
1JO 4:8 He who doesn’t love doesn’t know God, for God is love.
1JO 4:19 We love him, because he first loved us.
REV 3:20 Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, then I will come in to him and will dine with him, and he with me.
REV 21:3 I heard a loud voice out of heaven saying, “Behold, God’s dwelling is with people; and he will dwell with them, and they will be his people, and God himself will be with them as their God.
REV 21:4 He will wipe away every tear from their eyes. Death will be no more; neither will there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain any more. The first things have passed away.”
